What the fuck is that?
Oh. my God.
Okay. Marines. Thirty seconds.
[radio chatter in various languages]
[Elena]
The nav system's saying
the SEEKER's 0.3 kilometers
south-southeast.
But that makes no sense.
We turned northwest
at the ridge about a kilometer back there.
We would have driven right past it.
It's inertial navigation.
It's not just guessing.
- [sighs]
- [Walt] Besides.
we went only about 0.6 kilometers.
There. There she is.
Bet she never thought she'd see us again.
She is a robot. She doesn't have...
Okay.
[Kelly] Walt.
while you're getting the sample out.
let's see if we can figure out what
damaged the SEEKER's electronics.
[Elena] What the hell is that stuff?
I don't know.
It almost looks like a tholin.
But tholins shouldn't harm our SEEKERs.
Well... [sighs] ...something about them
or this environment must be different.
[sighs] Whatever it is.
it reacted with the insulation.
It's no wonder
these things kept shorting out.
Forget the tholins.
This is what we came for.
Crazy to think that those might hold
the greatest discovery in human history.
[chuckles] No pressure.
[Walt] Let's get this into the mobile lab
so we can run a full analysis.
see what's what.
That's good.
Well. as my mom used to say.
it's out of our hands now.
Yeah.
While we're waiting.
maybe we should check another sample.
Let's fire up
the scanning electron microscope too.
We can run a test from the underside
where it would've been protected
from radiation.
[Walt] Right. We can run it through
to calibrate the bio...
[Oleg] Titan crew. come in.
This is Sojourner.
Uh. boss. Sojourner calling.
- Yeah. Put him through.
- Go ahead.
New boss. Sorry.
Sojourner. Away-1.
What's up?
[Oleg] We still haven't heard from Mars.
The latest message was supposed
to come in over an hour ago.
Keep at it. I know they were gonna send us
the new ascent trajectory for our launch.
We need that to get back home.
[Oleg] Copy. I'll keep trying.
Something must be up. They've never been
this late with their check-in before.
- [alarm blaring]
- [distant clamoring]
[panting]
Hey. Someone saw ships landing.
Is it the M-6?
Yes. it's true. M-6 ships have landed.
- Come on.
- [gasps]
- [Lily] Oh. shit.
- [Alex] This way.
- [people shouting]
- [peacekeeper] Listen!
Listen! Listen! That is
all the information I have right now.
As soon as I know more.
you will know more. All right?
I need you to stay calm.
and we will figure this out.
- That's all I have.
- [Miles] Attention. Happy Valley.
This is Miles Dale.
Ten minutes ago. the M-6 landed
military ships surrounding our base.
Our home.
Fighting has broken out
in the north and south.
Any members of the Happy Valley Corps.
please report
to your designated rally points.
And any other volunteers...
We're going to need everyone
who can help fight off this attack.
Stay strong.
and remember this is our home.
- Okay. We gotta focus. all right?
- Where do we go?
- I don't want to split up.
- Yeah. neither do I.
Okay. Screw it. I'm staying with you.
[gasping. clamoring]
[peacekeeper] Okay. just keep calm.
Please just keep calm.
J-Just keep calm. please.
Can you just keep calm? Please.
All right. we've lost main power.
We are on emergency backup.
They must have taken over the reactors.
Oh. my God. Ollie.
Ollie's still out there.
[chattering]
[Marine 1] Hey. Dick.
did you bring the diapers?
[Marine 2] Come on. Hernandez.
Singh. get on the horn to the eltee.
Let him know we've secured
the reactor complex
and have reconfigured
for level-two interior combat.
We've commenced base
power supply shutdown.
[Singh] Yes. Sergeant.
Rocky. Rocky One.
- We have secured the reactor...
- Hey.
You okay?
Just... keep going
over it in my head. you know.
One moment he was there. and then...
[sighs]
Yeah.
He saved my life. goddamn it.
Now he's dead.
And these fuckers did that.
[Fleming] Hey. let's can the chatter.
- Let's get to work.
- Aye. aye. Sergeant.
Password. people?
[Marines] Mojega.
- Friendlies will reply how?
- [Marines] Hump.
[Fleming] You know the mission.
Let's get it done.
Oorah.
Oorah!
Last man.
[tense music playing]
[Thrush] So they'll never invade. huh?
[Beth] I didn't say that. Most of
the people on this fucking base did.
- [intercom dings]
- [Miles] Attention. Happy Valley.
- This is Miles Dale again.
- Like our fearless leader Miles for one.
[Miles] Fighting has spread
throughout the base.
Public places are not safe.
We are still looking for volunteers
who can help fight off this attack.
Reporting centers have been established
at cargo hub four
and the vehicle repair hangar.
If you're not actively engaging
invading forces.
you should shelter in place.
Good to see
so many of us were willing to show up.
- [Miles] Lock your doors. And be careful.
- Everybody...
Gather around.
We've lost contact with old town in the
south. the goo ponds and Agro-2 up north.
Jesus. Ronnie. Already?
Looks like
their ultimate destination is MOCC.
I don't have to tell you what'll happen
to us if they take it.
We were on the surface
when we saw the ships.
I mean. our radios didn't work.
Probably jammed the comm frequencies.
Who here has
military experience besides me?
Good. You're team leaders.
Everybody join one of them.
- Wait. I'm not HVC.
- Media.
- Well. no. not exa...
- Great. Tape everything.
People need
to see what's happening up here.
What about you?
Um. I-I'm in HVC. but I'm a medic.
I only started training last week.
Good.
Here.
I... I don't really know how to use this.
I haven't...
- Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
- Oh. sorry.
Always assume it's loaded.
Keep your finger off the trigger
until you want to shoot.
Just treat it like a lightsaber.
Don't swing it past anything you don't...
[Marine] Do not move! Drop your weapons.
Place your hands on your heads.
and you will not be harmed.
Everybody down. Take cover. Take cover.
Hold your fire...
[Lily] Oh. God.
[gunshots]
[Marsies shouting]
[Marsie 1] I need more ammo!
[shouts] Wait. Wait!
Shit.
- [Marsie 1] Shoot. shoot!
- [Marsie 2] Go!
Wait. Lily. Lily. Lily!
[Marsie 1] Go. go! Move. move! Go!
[shouting continues]
Get down!
- [canister hissing]
- Move!
We're getting outta here.
When I give you the signal.
you haul ass for the corridor
and then wait for me there. Clear?
Go. go. go!
[Lily] Oh. shit!
All in the clear. Boyd! Haul ass!
[Celia] Clint. move out!
[grunts. exclaims] I'm fine.
[Celia] Cover me!
[Lily] Alex!
Go! Go. I'll catch up.
- No.
- Lily. go!
[lieutenant. in French]
Move! Move! Don't let them escape.
[in English] Shit.
[shouting in French]
[distant gunshots]
[Celia mutters]
So there's another squad of M-6ers
around the next corner.
We have to get past them.
so we have to regroup.
There's more of us that need help. and...
So that's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna help them.
I need you to listen to what I say
when I say it. Clear?
- All right.
- Yeah.
Lily. stay tight.
Kovacic. cover the six.
You're with me.
Ready?
Move.
[Oleg] Stuart has synthesizer humming.
Should have it for a return trip
in 24 hours.
[Walt] Oh. shit.
[Oleg] Is there some problem with that?
Negative. Just had the readout
from the analysis program.
The samples from the SEEKER site are
still inconclusive for life.
- No. no. no. no. no.
- Kelly...
Let me see.
[sighs] This has to be
part of a polypeptide chain.
But it has no secondary structure.
Goddamn it.
[Oleg] I guess this means
you're coming back.
Your call. Commander.
Negative. Sojourner.
We're not finished here.
Keep trying to raise MOCC. Away-1 out.
All right.
Okay.
So. SEEKER 4 was sampling
around this rockfall when it conked out.
Seems whatever was in it is
too degraded for a clean sequence.
Yep. [stammers] I'm thinking
that the uncorrupted material could have
come down from above.
Anyone up for a climb?
I thought you'd never ask.
Still warm.
[Haskell] Contact front!
Fuck!
[grunting]
[Haskell] Moving in!
Cedar. check the body and take the door.
Hernandez. do a check here.
Come on. Marines...
Menshikov. you take point.
We still got work to do.
[Menshikov. Hernandez] Yes. Sergeant.
[Marines chattering]
I expected more of a fight.
All these Marsies talking shit.
Come on.
[breathing shakily]
[Ronnie gasping] Help me.
[grunting]
Please.
Oh. Alex. [gasping] Thank God.
Okay. Let me take a look.
Is it bad?
No. No. not horrible.
I'm gonna do what I can. and I'm...
And then I'm gonna get you
to the medbay. Okay?
I'm gonna need you to put pressure on it.
It's gonna hurt a lot.
- [stammering]
- [groaning]
Can you do that for me? Good. Uh. good.
[groans]
Okay. Okay. okay.
Okay. Okay. here we go.
I'm gonna have to put this on you. okay?
I'm gonna need you to lift.
We got this. Okay. ready?
In three. two. one.
[strains]
How you faring up there. Elena?
[Elena] These pitons aren't
quite up for the job in this ice.
Uh. I'm going to start collecting samples.
[grunts]
Uh. hang on.
[sighs] I...
I am seeing something odd up here.
[Kelly] What is it?
[Elena stammers] I'm not sure.
A few meters over.
there's some kind of liquid
that seems to be coming from a fissure.
It looks like it's glowing or something.
- Glowing?
- [Elena] Yeah.
Might just be the reflection of the sky.
I... I'll traverse for a better look.
Can you give me a little bit more slack?
[Elena grunts]
Ah! Shit. shit. shit.
- [Walt] Lena?
- [Elena] Fuck! My leg.
- Lena. are you okay?
- No. No. my...
my axe slipped and it punctured my suit.
Elena. I'm coming up to get you. Hang on.
[Elena screams] It fucking burns!
[Kelly] Okay.
Let's go.
Hold it!
Howdy. Boyd.
Drop the weapon. would you. please?
Hey. Stanislaus.
Got a little present for you.
[Fred] What are we gonna do with them?
Oh. I have a feeling the M-6 is gonna
wanna have a few words
with some of these folks.
Aesop. this is Fenwick-2. Do you read?
[Aesop] Go ahead. Fenwick.
Aesop. we are about 700 meters south
and one level up from Checkpoint Juliet.
Just acquired some new prisoners.
And some possible high-level
intel sources as well.
All right. everybody. listen up.
We're under the Geneva Convention here.
Now. here's what's gonna happen.
We're gonna take you for questioning.
and you're gonna listen
and do exactly what you're told.
And everything should go smoothly.
Sir. this one has a camera.
Ah. the dear leader's daughter.
I'm pr... I'm press. okay?
You can't just take that.
Oh. yeah. That's right. That little. uh.
NNC internship you did where you. um...
Now what was it?
Oh. yeah. leaked the Helios files
which started all this shit.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah. you're about as good
a liar as your old man is.
Keep that camera.
Might be some good intel in there.
All right. let's move it out.
You doing okay?
Fuck off.
Come on. C. You think I like this?
I don't wanna hear shit from you.
- [heart monitor beeping]
- [whimpering]
[bandage tearing]
[Dima] Where did you learn
how to seal a chest wound?
HVC training. My... My first week.
You saved her life.
Don't worry. You're going to be all right.
Fekete. start IV saline.
prep for chest tube.
- Yes. Doctor.
- [nurse] Incoming. More wounded.
- [nurse 2] Where were you?
- Ironworks. Port Four.
Wait. Auggie. Wait. wait. wait.
I'm sorry. you said Port Four?
Did you see Lily there?
No. No.
Fuck.
What is it?
Just... Lily and I. we got separated.
- Dima. I don't know where she is.
- I'm sorry. Alex.
This is the last of the prepacked saline.
and we're out of medgrade sodium chloride.
Fuck.
This is not a field hospital.
We are not provisioned for a war.
They should never have
let it come to this.
Dima. what is it you need?
Everything.
Saline. plasma. gauze. Betadine.
bandages. hemostats.
Wait. Helios has all that stuff.
- I mean. they took most of it from us.
- Exactly.
They've shown us who they really are.
I'll go.
I'll get the stuff.
You sure?
Yes.
Fekete. give Alex
our list of requirements.
Right away.
- Thank you.
- Hey. be careful.
I do not need you
coming back here as a casualty.
Don't worry. I crawled through every vent
and tunnel in this place when I was a kid.
You're still a kid.
[Ronnie strains]
You know. even after
everything that's happened.
I got a lot of respect for your father.
He's a good man. all things considered.
Just trying to protect you.
What are you talking about?
You really haven't figured it out yet.
have you?
- [Spano] Clear. We're clear.
- Huh.
Disappointing.
I thought you wanted to be a journalist.
[Spano] Captain. clear.
Well. why do you think your father
got off scot-free after those riots?
Well. because they tortured him.
He got off because
he ratted out his buddies.
That's bullshit.
Yeah.
It's kind of ironic. isn't it?
The guy who everyone around here
idolizes as some kind of hero...
just a dirty little rat.
You're just a lying piece of shit.
You know what. Lily?
I don't really give a damn
if you believe me or not.
The only thing I care about now
is that you and him pay for what you did.
Aesop. this is Fenwick-2.
Do you read? Over.
[Elena] Oh. fuck.
[panting] It burns.
It's burning.
[Kelly] We're gonna get you down.
okay. Elena?
Walt's on belay.
I'll be guiding you down from up here.
Okay. Let me hook you up.
[Elena breathing heavily]
- I'll be right above you.
- Okay.
- Walt. she's coming down.
- [Walt] Copy.
[Elena] Okay. [straining]
Goddamn it. [grunts]
[Walt] There you go. Take it slow.
[Elena] Walt. Walt. hold... Hold on.
- Okay.
- [Elena panting]
[Walt] Okay. come on now.
[Elena] I think I got it.
[Walt] Good job. You're doing great.
Hold on. Hold on. Slowly. please.
[Walt] Going slowly.
Three. two. one. Breach.
[explosion]
[Marines] Hands on the wall! Freeze!
Against the wall!
[shouting]
Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
- [Marine] Against the wall!
- [Haskell] Up against the wall.
[Marine 2]
Hands where I can see them. now!
Wait. wait!
I am Governor Leonid Polivanov!
Face the fucking wall!
[Menshikov. in Russian]
We hoped we'd find you. Governor.
[in English]
This is the Governor of Happy Valley.
[Fleming] Bring him over here.
[in Russian]
Thank God this nightmare is over.
[Lenya sighs]
[in English] They held me captive here.
[Fleming] Governor.
Take me to your commanding officer.
I'd like to offer my services
in whatever way I can.
You fucking asshole.
[Marine] Quiet!
Cedar. take the governor to HQ.
Right away. Sergeant.
Right this way. sir.
Haskell. Jarrett.
take the others to prisoner holding.
Let intel sort 'em out.
- Yes. Sergeant.
- [Haskell] Yes. Sergeant.
Behind him.
- Move.
- [Avery] Come on. Move.
Walk. walk. walk!
[Palmer speaking indistinctly]
...we can still make the rendezvous point.
[grunts]
- Keep it tight in the back.
- [Fred] Copy.
Aesop. come in. Over.
[Fred] Clear.
[Palmer] Aesop. Fenwick-2. Do you read?
Clear.
Aesop. Fenwick-2. do you read?
Stop. Stop here.
Huh. No response.
All right. well. Checkpoint Juliet's
100 meters ahead. Let's go.
- [metal creaks]
- [gasps]
What was that?
[softly] Okay. go. Now. Go.
What?
Go. While they're distracted. Go. go. go.
Go. Fast.
Move.
- [Mahdi] Mojega!
- What?
Turn around! On your knees! Now!
- No. no. no. We're on the same side.
- Put your hands down!
[both groups shouting]
- We're MPK!
- I said now!
[gunfire]
- Jesus. What is happening?
- [Celia] Move.
[Mahdi] Fuck.
What'd he say?
[Marine] I don't know.
Shit. these guys are MPKs.
They're on our side.
Leave them. We have to keep moving.
We're already behind the others.
Oh. fuck.
Lily!
[mutters]
- Mojega!
- [sergeant] Mojega! Mojega!
Hump. hump! Goddamn it.
Put your weapons down! We're friendly!
[in French] Nobody shoot! They're M-6.
[in English] Let's move.
[Fleming] Everything is fucked.
We can't reach Command.
Up against this wall. Don't move.
[sergeant] Where are you going?
Taking these prisoners to
the rear holding area. Sergeant.
[sighs] Come on.
you can hump with us back to the rear.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. You're...
You're going the wrong way.
Map says. uh. we should be
moving towards the central elevators.
- That's what we're doing.
- No. No. that's wrong.
I used to live here. okay?
We need to be going that way.
[in French]
This Marsie says our maps are incorrect.
We stick to our briefing.
- [in English] Fall in with us.
- No...
[sergeant] We'll escort the prisoners.
Secure them.
[Marine] Move. Move. Move.
This is fubar.
We're gonna go find our unit.
- Are you disobeying an order?
- Negative. Following one.
We were ordered to hand off the prisoners
to superiors and return to our unit.
And that's exactly
what we're gonna fucking do.
You are a people person. huh?
Come on. I know a shortcut.
We can probably beat our unit
to the rally point.
[chuckles]
Holy shit.
I did that.
Ah.
Right.
[metal crashes in distance]
- We'll plan our sections. Left. right?
- Yeah.
- I take the left. you take the right.
[metal crashes in distance]
Hey!
[grunting. groans]
[Avery] Haskell?
[Haskell screams. groans]
- [high-pitched ringing]
- [screaming fades out]
[Haskell screaming faintly]
[distorted] Haskell?
[gun clatters]
- [normal voice] Haskell!
- [Haskell screams]
Oh. God. Oh... Hey. hey.
Hey. look at me. look at me.
- Haskell!
- [Avery] Stop!
Haskell?
- Haskell!
- I said stop!
- Haskell. Haskell.
- [Haskell screaming]
Haskell. can you hear me?
- Fuck.
- Haskell. Hey. can you hear me?
[Haskell groans]
You know him?
Okay. Get this stuff off of him.
- [Alex] Oh. my God.
- [gasps]
Keep pressure on him right there.
You're gonna be okay. Haskell.
It's all right.
You're gonna stay with us. all right?
- Stay with us.
- [screams]
[Avery] You're gonna be okay. Haskell.
Stay with me.
Look at me. Haskell!
Come on. Haskell.
It's all right.
[breathing shakily]
Come on. goddamn it. Stay with us.
Come on.
[breathing shakily. crying]
- We need to get him help.
- Where?
[person on speaker] What do you want?
Tell Dev to let us in! Right now!
[Haskell groaning]